More configuraton options in fissionSource (#101)
CambridgeNuclear/SCONE: docs/User Manual.rst

The properties of a material source are:

* mat: the name of the material from which to sample (must be defined in materials).
* data (*optional*, default = continuous energy): data type for source particles. Can be ``ce``
  or ``mg``.
* E (*optional*, default = 1E-6): energy of the particles emitted, for continuous energy
  calculations. [MeV]
* G (*optional*, default = 1): energy group of the particles emitted, for multi-group
  calculations.
* boundingBox (*optional*, default is the geometry bounding box):
  (x_min y_min z_min x_max y_max z_max) vector describing a bounding box to improve sampling
  efficiency or to localise material sampling to a particular region.

Hence, an input would look like: ::

      source { type materialSource; mat myMat; data ce; E 2.0;
      boundingBox (-5.0 -3.0 2.0 5.0 4.0 3.0); }

fissionSource
#############

> A source intended to be used in eigenvalue calculations. It is a type of volumetric source, which
> uniformly distributes fission sites in the geometry. The energy spectrum of the fission neutrons
> is based on a fixed incident energy provided by the user. The properties of a fission source are:

Reviewer: Maybe the first sentence is a bit misleading, it sounds like one should explicitly define it when doing an eigenvalue calculation. We could clarify a bit? This is just a proposal:

```suggestion
A source intended to initialise eigenvalue calculations. If it is not defined in the input file, it is 
used with the default settings. It is a type of volumetric source, which uniformly distributes fission
sites in the geometry. The energy spectrum of the fission neutrons is based on a fixed incident 
energy provided by the user. The properties of a fission source are:
```

Author: Sure! Commited (and removed trailing whitespace)
